---
layout: post
title: "CfP: Special Issue on Multiuple-Valued Logic"
date: 2020-06-15
---
<h1>CALL FOR PAPERS</h1>

<h2>Special Issue on Multiple-Valued Logic and Applications in Journal of Applied Logics  (JALs)</h2>



The JournaL of Applied Logics (JALs-ifCoLog) will publish a special issue on Multiple-Valued Logic and Applications. You are invited to submit an article on any subject in the area of multiple-valued logic, including but not limited to the following areas of interests:

- Circuit/Device Implementation    
- Multi-bit per cell logic & memory
- Multiple-Valued Decision Diagrams
- MVL Aspects of Nanotechnology
- Quantum Computing
- System-on-Chip Technology
- Test and Verification
- VLSI Architecture and Computing
- Brain Scale Integration Circuits and Computing
- Reversible, Stochastic Computing
- Application of MVL to Medical Technologies, robotics, machine learning
- Spectral Techniques
- Algebra and Formal Aspects
- MVL approaches to Data Mining and Big Data

Articles and topics should be addressed primarily to the diverse readership of JALs-ifCoLog. Unpublished and original work is However extended articles from the IEEE ISMVL 2020 can be submitted as well. Articles should target novel and emerging end-applications of multiple-valued logic. Authors should submit papers by using the guidelines and template that can be found at npc.nu.edu.kz/mvl2020 and sending pdf files directly to martin.lukac@nu.edu.kz, yuminaka@gunma-u.ac.jp, kns@uchicago.edu. Each manuscript should follow [Guidelines](/docs/GuideForAuthors.pdf) in the guide for authors and use the [Latex Template](/docs/myifcolog.cls). This special issue will follow the schedule below:


August 25, 2020
Due date for papers 
October 1, 2020
First notification to authors
October 15, 2020
Due date for revisions
November 1, 2020
Final notification
November 15, 2019
Final manuscript due
December 2020    
Special issue publication date 


For additional information, please contact members of the editorial team:

Corresponding Guest Editors:

<table>
<colgroup>
<col width="33%" />
<col width="33%" />
<col width="33%" />
</colgroup>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th>Prof. Martin Lukac</th>
<th>Prof. Yasushi Yuminaka</th>
<th>Dr. Kaitlin N. Smith</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr>
<td markdown="span"></td>
<td markdown="span"></td>
<td markdown="span">CQE/IBM Postdoctoral Scholar</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td markdown="span">Department of Computer Science</td>
<td markdown="span">Graduate School of Science and Technology</td>
<td markdown="span">EPiQC - Dept. of Computer Science</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td markdown="span">Nazarbayev University</td>
<td markdown="span">Gunma University</td>
<td markdown="span">University of Chicago</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td markdown="span">Kabanbay Batyr 53/6321, Nur-sultan, 010000, Kazakhstan</td>
<td markdown="span">Kiryu, 376-8515, Japan</td>
<td markdown="span">5730 S. Ellis Ave., Chicago, IL 60637</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td markdown="span">martin.lukac@nu.edu.kz</td>
<td markdown="span">yuminaka@gunma-u.ac.jp</td>
<td markdown="span">kns@uchicago.edu</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td markdown="span">+7 7171 69 4667</td>
<td markdown="span">+81 277 30 1790</td>
<td markdown="span"></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td markdown="span"></td>
<td markdown="span"></td>
<td markdown="span"></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>



